Did Sister Mei watch a good movie today?
OK
What's your trouble?
Dr. Xu
Let's break up.
Meng Xi
Are you kidding me?
Xu Zhuoran, I have thought about it carefully
I don't like you.
Do you dislike that I don't have a job now?
Yeah, I just hate that you don't have a job.
So let's break up
That's who I am.
That's how I hate the poor and love the rich
I don't believe it
Is there anything you can tell me?
Let's face it together.
Dr. Xu
I thank you for taking care of my mother before.
But we won't meet again
You still can't bear him
I have broken up with him.
I hope Mr. Lu means what he says
I'd better go by myself
If you let your wife and lady see you
It's not good to send me back
So as not to let the lady misunderstand you